# number-atom-glitch

original request (before rephrasing):

request: number atom glitch when working with hexadecimal

I have noticed that number atoms glitch sometimes when working with hexadecimal. I have created both a demo vid and patch that shows how to recreate the error I found clearly however I should probably explain here too. when working through a logic chain with [makefilename %02x] to send hex values from 0 to 255 to [pack symbol symbol symbol] if you make the mistake of going over the 255 threshold the number atom shows some peculiar behaviour where it will no longer change value when you slide your mouse up and down but "freeze" until you click your mouse on the white screen and only then will it change. this is regardless if you use a number atom connected to [makefile] or not. additionally vsliders will no longer move up or down and I presume other GUI objects will demonstrate peculiar problems until you reload the patch. I would say this is at least a medium urgency problem because if you are working on a patch - ok, no big deal, reload the file work, set the relevant number atoms with a 255 limit, be careful not to do that again. but let's say you're in a live performance where you have an audiovisual display where some of your canvas change colours for instance. you have made a critical error and designed your patch to allow a value larger than 255 to send to one of these objects. it's no longer a question of "should have got it right the first time": you're performance is ruined if you can no longer send floats to other parameters you have on your patch smoothly. you will have to restart the performance and reload the file.
